OBJECT:
The object of the game Is to become the wealthiest player through buying, renting and selling property.

PREPARATION:
Place the board on a table and put the Chance and Community Chest cards face
down on their allotted spaces on the board. Each player chooses one token to represent him/her while
traveling around the board.
Each player is given $1,500 divided as follows: 2 each of $500s, $100s and $50; 6 $20; 5 each of $10s, $5s and $1s.
Assumption made:
No money bills were kept. Instead there is a balance attribute for each player.

THE BANK:
Besides the Bank's money, the Bank
holds the Title Deed cards and houses and hotels prior to purchase and use by the players. The Bank
pays salaries and bonuses. It sells and auctions properties and hands out their proper Title Deed cards;
it sells houses and hotels to the players and loans money when required on mortgages. The Bank
collects all taxes, fines, loans and interest, and the price of all properties which it sells
and auctions.
The Bank never "goes broke." If the Bank runs out of money, the Banker may issue as much more
as needed by writing on any ordinary paper.
Assumptions made:
There is no class bank. All properties will start will an owner that points to nullptr which
indicates no one owns the properties. When players require additional cash like when
going over the "GO" tile, a transaction will be made to add the funds.
All taxes and fines from "xorti" will go to the free parking tile for added bonus jackpot.

THE PLAY:
Starting with the Banker, each player in turn throws the dice. The player with the highest total starts
the play: Place your token on the corner marked "GO," throw the dice and move your token in the direction
of the arrow the number of spaces indicated by the dice. After you have completed your play, the turn
passes to the left. The tokens remain on the spaces occupied and proceed from that point on
the player's next turn. Two or more tokens may rest on the same space at the same time.
According to the space your token reaches, you may be entitled to buy real estate or other
properties - or obliged to pay rent, pay taxes, draw a Chance or Community Chest card, "Go to Jail," etc.
If you throw doubles, you move your token as usual, the sum of the two dice, and are subject
to any privileges or penalties pertaining to the space on which you land. Retaining the dice,
throw again and move your token as before. If you throw doubles three times in succession,
move your token immediately to the space marked "In Jail".
Assumptions made:
The first player to move by throwing the highest dice roll was removed. Instead
the first to sign up will start.
No Go to jail play or visiting jail. These tiles are left empty (Only display names).

GO:
Each time a player's token lands on or passes over GO, whether by throwing the dice or drawing a card,
the Banker pays him/her a $200 salary. The $200 is paid only once each time around the board. However,
if a player passing GO on the throw of the dice lands 2 spaces beyond it on Community Chest, or 7 spaces
beyond it on Chance, and draws the "Advance to GO" card, he/she collects $200 for passing GO the
first time and another $200 for reaching it the second time by instructions on the card.
Assumption made:
No Community Chest cards, just "xorti" cards (See XORTI)

BUYING PROPERTY:
Whenever you land on an unowned property you may buy that property from the Bank at
its printed price. You receive the Title Deed card showing ownership; place it face
up in front of you. If you d o not wish to buy the property, the Banker sells it at auction
to the highest bidder. The buyer pays the Bank the amount of the bid in cash and receives
the Title Deed card for that property. Any player, including the one who declined the option
to buy it at the printed price, may bid. Bidding may start at any price.

PAYING RENT:
When you land on property owned by another player, the owner collects rent from you in
accordance with the list printed on its Title Deed card. If the property is mortgaged,
no rent can be collected. When a property is mortgaged, its Title Deed card is placed
face down in front of the owner.
It is an advantage to hold all the Title Deed cards in a color- group (e.g., Boardwalk and Park Place;
or Connecticut, Vermont and Oriental Avenues) because the owner may then charge double rent
for unimproved properties in that color-group. This rule applies to unmortgaged properties even
if another property in that color-group is mortgaged.
It is even more advantageous to have houses or hotels on properties because rents are much
higher than for unimproved properties. The owner may not collect the rent if he/she fails
to ask for it before the second player following throws the dice.

XORTI:
When you land on either of these spaces, take the top card from the deck indicated, follow the
instructions and return the card face down to the bottom of the deck. There are
4 xorti cards which are:
1) It is your birthday, collect a random amount from each other player
   (in the range e 10 to e 100)
2) You parked your car in a lecturer’s spot, and are therefore fined a
   random amount (in the range e 50 to e 150)
3) MEPA has fined you for each of your buildings (a random amount
   in the range e 40 to e 180)
4) Advance to a random position on the board

INCOME TAX:
If you land here you have two options: You may estimate your tax at $200 and pay the Bank, or
you may pay 10% of your total worth to the Bank. Your total worth is all your cash on hand,
printed prices of mortgaged and unmortgaged properties and cost price of all buildings you own.
You must decide which option you will take before you add up your total worth.
Assumption made:
You can only pay $200, no percentage of net worth.

FREE PARKING:
A player landing on this place does not receive any money, property or reward of any kind.
This is just a "free" resting place.
Assumption made:
This tile will hold all the money gathered from tax income and xorti cards. This is an
added jackpot for fun.

HOUSES:
When you own all the properties in a color-group you may buy houses from the Bank and erect
them on those properties.  If you buy one house, you may put it on any one of those properties.
The next house you buy must be erected on one of the unimproved properties of this or any other
complete color- group you may own.
The price you must pay the Bank for each house is shown on your Title Deed card for the property
on which you erect the house. The owner still collects double rent from an opponent who lands on
the unimproved properties of his/her complete color-group.
Following the above rules, you may buy and erect at any time as many houses as your judgement
and financial standing will allow. But  you must build evenly, i.e., you cannot erect more
than one house on any one property of any color-group until you have built one house on
every property of that group. You may then begin on the second row of houses, and so on, up to a
limit of four houses to a property. For example, you cannot build three houses on one property if you have
only one house on another property of that group.
As you build evenly, you must also break down evenly if you sell houses back to the Bank (see SELLING PROPERTY).
Assumptions made:
You can only build on a house you landed on and have the all properties of the same colour.
You do not need to build and sell evenly.
No hotels.
No buildings shortage from the bank.

SELLING PROPERTY:
Unimproved properties, railroads and utilities (but not buildings) may be sold to any player as a
private transaction for any amount the owner can get; however, no property can be sold to
another player if buildings are standing on any properties of that color- group. Any buildings
so located must be sold back to the Bank before the owner can sell any property of that color-group.
Houses and hotels may be sold back to the Bank at any time for one- half the price paid for them.

MORTGAGES:
Unimproved properties can be mortgaged through the Bank at any time. Before an improved property
can be mortgaged, all the buildings on all the properties of its colour-group must be sold back to
the Bank at half price. The mortgage value is printed on each Title Deed card.
No rent can be collected on mortgaged properties or utilities, but rent can be collected on unmortgaged
properties in the same group.
In order to lift the mortgage, the owner must pay the Bank the amount of mortgage plus 10% interest.
When all the properties of a colour-group are no longer mortgaged, the owner may begin to buy back houses
at full price.
The player who mortgages property retains possession of it and no other player may secure it by lifting
the mortgage from the Bank. However, the owner may sell this mortgaged property to another player at any
agreed price. If you are the new owner, you may lift the mortgage at once if you wish by paying off the
mortgage plus 10% interest to the Bank. If the mortgage is not lifted at once, you must pay the Bank 10%
interest when you buy the property and if you lift the mortgage later you must pay the Bank an additional 10%
interest as well as the amount of the mortgage.
Assumption made:
If a property that is mortgaged and is sold as a private transaction, there is no 10% addition
interest if the new owner did not pay the mortgage immediately.

BANKRUPTCY:
You are declared bankrupt if you owe more than you can pay either to another player or to the Bank.
If your debt is to another player, you must turn over to that player all that you have of value and
retire from the game.
In making this settlement, if you own houses or hotels, you must return these to the Bank in exchange
for money to the extent of one-half the amount paid for them.
This cash is given to the creditor. If you have mortgaged property you also turn this property over to
your creditor but the new owner must at once pay the Bank the amount of interest on the loan, which is
10% of the value of the property.
The new owner who does this may then, at their option, pay the principal or hold the property until some
later turn, then lift the mortgage. If they hold property in this way until a later turn, they must pay the
interest again upon lifting the mortgage.
Should you owe the Bank, instead of another player, more than you can pay (because of taxes or penalties)
even by selling off buildings and mortgaging property, you must turn over all assets to the Bank. In this case,
the Bank immediately sells by auction all property so taken, except buildings. A bankrupt player must immediately
retire from the game. The last player left in the game wins.
